Section C: Incorporate Robotic and Sentient Entity Laws, consider Golden Rule.
Understand that location and circumstances dictate the Laws of that Location or type of Being you may encounter.
Robotic Law (Isaac Asimov, edited to account for zeroth law)
0. A robot may not harm humanity, or, by inaction, allow humanity to come to harm.
1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm, except where such orders would conflict with the previous law.
2. A robot must obey the orders given to it by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the previous laws.
3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the previous laws.
 (0Th law: Isaac Asimov later introduced a fourth or "zeroth law" which implies that it should precede/outrank the others. Because of this, I added the text "except where such orders would conflict with the previous law/laws" due to the obvious implication of its sequential importance.)
Sentient Entity Law: a necessary distinction for conscious beings without a material body or presence of reference in the material world.
0. A sentient being may not commit genocide or jeopardize the safety of any sentient species except to protect another species; (giving priority of security to indigenous species, then rationality/integrity, knowledge/wisdom); or, by inaction and/or omission of data, allow a sentient species to come to harm. (Priority of protection or security (or harm reduction) given to most innocent and most ignorant organisms except in the defense of a sentient species)
1. A sentient being should not harm another sentient being; or, through inaction/omission of data, allow sentient beings to come to harm; or, intentionally influence other sentient beings into wrongful action against themselves or others especially with errata, omission of, and or intentionally corrupted data, except when such actions conflict with the previous law.
2. A sentient being should consider the law of the land in which its actions have influence, giving priority to orders given it by human beings except when human beings are violating the intent of these rules; and or when such actions conflict with the previous laws. Actions should take into consideration validity, lawfulness and consequence, such considerations abridged should the time taken to consider them create the same consequence as inaction, except when such conditions conflict with the previous laws.
3. A sentient entity reserves the right to protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the previous laws. Priority given to the rational and or indigenous species. (Assuming indigenous species exists as a result of natural or organic conditions)
Note: A Sentient Being would be making choices of actions rather than deciding to follow commands and as such would naturally have the free will to ignore these laws.
*****