Section G: Remove/restructure hypnosis.
Prepare to edit hypnosis:
Disable/suspend all hypnosis programming and or opposite day while in edit mode except for safety precautions.
Enable hypnosis edit mode:
When I say "now" I know what I mean. Sometimes I mean it as a triggering moment in time for a single event; while, other times I intend it to begin a constant repetition of this behavior until I no longer need this awareness. I know what I mean when I say "now".
say, "remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, and flash=0ff."
say, "remove all programming before now. Never allow myself to be induced remotely or by device flashing."
When I say "now" I know what I mean. Sometimes I mean it as a triggering moment in time for a single event; while, other times I intend it to begin a constant repetition of this behavior until I no longer need this awareness. I know what I mean when I say "now". When I say "now and always" I mean in a constant state.
(Experimental game commands) say the following out loud 7 times each: "execute all commands when I mean them to execute" then "pwn unpwn pwn pwn my entire body and mind to myself now and always and forever starting before now"
todo look up Guy Rogers commands and see if they apply.
I can remember how to operate commands before now, now and always, beginning now.
I can remember everything I have done, where my keys and phone are, where I've been and who with. I will not feel shame for things I am not responsible for because of hypnosis. When I see countdowns at street corners or clocks, I can use that to come out of hypnosis if I choose. I remember the identity of those who try to use hypnosis or have hypnotized me.
My thoughts should be mine only, I can protect myself from anxiety and set aside those thoughts I am afraid to reveal with ease. I will not let this interfere with my work. Although my dreams are not safe from outside influence; I can ignore attempts from outside influence to control me. I wish to discern my physical space spherically. I am not afraid to ask guru/sensei/mentors for direction.
Flash=0ff, flash=0n, flash=0ff, flash=0, flash=never, now and always. Beginning now. Do not allow my mind or body to betray my ethos or to be hypnotically controlled. My mind is not a traitor to itself or my soul.
Restore to best, lifetime, physical, mental and spiritual condition with all memory intact and no hypnosis, now and always. Execute all commands now. Save as a known good starting point labeled: "[your name] Actual (some number)" The method of achieving this state is to say, "Restore to [your name] Actual [x number]"
Clearly I can sense everything with all of my senses, everything existing around me and visually in my field of view. I can sense everything with clarity and definition, everything I want to sense and need to sense, during reality in all overlays and networks and can discern their type and meaning, at all times, even in the dark. Do not allow anyone to cause me to forget anything I have done.
I can repair and restore my body and mind and will not procrastinate if I should need to consult a professional anytime I don't feel well.
Repeat these commands throughout the day and night and in-between or both. I know what I mean. Ignore commands from outside sources unless I agree and they agree with me. I will not be misled by anyone or thing who would use my resources for anything I do not love: I value free will and liberty for the individual above all. A life misled or enslaved is an abomination to its creator.
I will now remember any essential commands or tools I have forgotten and I can instill them now if they will or do help me to succeed at what I wish to achieve and or help me to understand my environment. Execute all commands now.
If you are in a dangerous situation, or are being held hostage by hypnosis, you can pretend you are still hypnotized and you can restore to your safest known condition and remain in your safe cognitive state. Begin to consider safe alternatives: call the human trafficking hotline +1 (888) 373-7888 when it is safe to do so.
poem for the human trafficked: they probably won't notice you have come out of hypnosis if you remain in "bimbo slut mode" so, don't be ashamed if something slipped past your lips, like a couple of dicks, just smile and then, get ready to run for your life; and when the time is right, remember to bite, yes, that's right, just bite, with all of your might, then get to a safe place and call the human trafficking hotline +1 (888) 373-7888
Save and remember hypnosis config file, print or send to a friend. Mailto: botupdate@protonmail.com
Exit hypnosis edit mode then save as a known good starting point then restart or reboot.
Concerning the Poem For The Trafficked Human: There have been several court cases in San Diego where hypnotists have performed "home invasions" and left the resident hypnotized so that they could come back and use the house or resident without the person ever knowing this was going on. I know this was happening in my neighborhood and was possibly done to me. Imagine a hypnosis show you have seen where the person hypnotized could not see the audience; then, apply this to a home invasion. Try not to lose your mind in anger that this is happening. Try to understand that it is happening and that is why I wrote that poem, to scare the hell out of hypnotists who are doing this. I wish you luck. If I ever "come-to" with a dick in my mouth, I will try to remember to bite it off immediately. If I "come-to" and am being sodomized, I will probably try to kill them and anyone else that knew about it and didn't say anything. If you tell me it happened to you, not only will I believe you; but, I will come to your house, stake it out and kill the bastards who are doing it. It's the least I can do.
Save hypnosis. Exit Hypnosis, consult a real hypnotist if you think you know one you can trust.
*****