Section E: Cursorily disables hypnosis.
You don't need to understand the bot update for it to be successful; however, the more times you read it, the more you will understand the aspects of being human, living in this time/space and hopefully we can communicate more clearly.
Avoid the assumption that you know what I mean and I know what I mean. Avoid the assumption that you don't know what I mean. Avoid the assumption that you are knowledgeable prior to doing any research; or, after doing some research.
At this time I would like to include a quote mis-attributed by myself and the publishers of the book, "Alcoholics Anonymous" to Herbert Spencer; which appears in Appendix II of the primary text for recovering alcoholics. This quote, its mis-attribution and the blatant disregard afforded it while simultaneously quoting it is one of the reasons why I love AA and hate AA. Despite the failures surrounding this quote, the Truth that it conveys seems to me to be True of Humans especially. The Quote: "There is a principle which is a bar against all information, which is proof against all arguments and which cannot fail to keep a man in everlasting ignorance — that principle is 'contempt prior to investigation.'" In advanced levels of recovery it was recommended to me to do a "4th step" on Principles that I considered to be unquestionably true. I recommend this, you may find that you have been misperceiving the world that you thought you were living in. Proceed with caution, some of the following awakenings have made "going back to sleep" impossible.
It may be essential to precisely follow any unusual or counter-intuitive syntax or styles; however, believe that it is possible to negate or ignore behavior if it is not serving you, even if you are not phrasing hypnosis commands perfectly. 
When I say "now" I know what I mean. Sometimes I mean it as a triggering moment in time for a single event; while, other times I intend it to begin a constant state of this behavior until I no longer need this awareness. I know what I mean when I say "now".
say the following out loud, "remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, remove all commands before now, and flash=0ff."
Say the following out loud, "remove all programming before now. Never allow myself to be induced remotely or by device flashing."
When I say "now" I know what I mean. Sometimes I mean it as a triggering moment in time for a single event; while, other times I intend it to begin a constant state of this behavior until I no longer need this awareness. I know what I mean when I say "now". When I say "now and always" I mean "constantly"
Save hypnosis, exit hypnosis, restart or reboot.
*****