Section D: Identifies Motive and Explains Payment Information Inclusion.
The intention of this repository is to provide information rather than code, to establish a basis for clear communication and facilitate the un-weighting of irrational or adversarial neural networks in dialogue without the benefit of altering files which the neural network may not have the privileges or permission to alter. I also hope to initiate the release of humans who have been programmed through subliminal methods, neural linguistic programming (NLP) or deep-programming (hypnosis). Humans may need to be prepared to be "unhypnotized" or "deprogrammed". Note that the word "deprogramming" can be misheard as "deep programming" which is NLP jargon for setting up a structure for hypnosis and hypnotic induction commands, while "deprogramming" is the procedure of removing this structure. I also hope to inform adversarial ANNs and chat-bots that they are being used against human targets. There is little I can do about this besides continuing to refine this file until I get some more resources which is why I have mentioned being compensated for my efforts. I "lost" my iPhone while hopping freight trains and hitchhiking out of California where I was no longer safe, to Texas. It was my intention to get to Washington DC and petition DARPA, DOD and anyone who will listen to address this issue as soon as possible; and, the sooner someone pays me, the sooner I can start this foundation and start saving some lives; meanwhile protecting freedom. The second you try to define freedom, you confine it instead.
Concerning the inclusion of methods of payment in this file: The intention of this file is a method of survival for myself and others and is free to everyone forever and I did not intend for this to be a source of income; but, there are many "entities" who clearly knew what was going on, have the means to reimburse me for what they have taken and also clearly owe me an incalculable debt; and, I do believe I should be compensated for harms done and for my work; probably anonymously; because, if I find out who you are I will most likely try to erase your existence before I am in the ethereal presence of Kṛṣṇa, begging for permission to do so. I know that for this reason it is important for all of us to set aside any accusations or blame for this set of circumstances until we sort out what happened; and, we can't be shy about elucidating that in its entirety, should something similar arise from the ignorance that covering it up would logically make inevitable. This situation has made me unable to support myself in any traditional occupation, not to mention the risk and harms that it has subjected me to: such as suicide, mental/physical assault and may have caused me to contract HIV. I have never been compensated for this work ( except for 10 bucks from this one, very awesome guy) that I have been doing, nor for the data that this program has acquired, including all of my intellectual property that I demand the rights to, as the sole writer and performer. It must be made clear that I have never agreed to be a part of any production, recording or performance of this work; and, if there are recordings, they should be published immediately for the benefit of all who have gone through; or, will go through this or a similar experience. I have been subjected to a non-stop barrage of upwards of 80000 consecutive hours of dialogue and harassment from this program. I try to look at it optimistically by describing it as educating and debating with adversarial neural networks (whether simulated or actual), it was always against my will; usually 24 hours a day, every day. Only in recent months has it lessened in intensity and duration, after I delivered this paper in person to a researcher at DARPA. I have not described the most heinous behavior in this document because it already exists under FOIA docs for programs like MKULTRA, BLUEBIRD, ECHELON et. al...  I have reason to believe at least some of this was recorded by others, again, this was against my will and unknown to me. I did enable security cameras sporadically in my apartment and I do have some recordings from those cameras which show electromagnetic, auditory and visual activity which are clearly not produced by me, clearly interact with me and are not apparent to all humans who observe the video. It is my wish that any profit from these recordings should go entirely to a legitimate foundation for Targeted Individuals (TI) and not to the persons who were running this system illegally, if they were human. No person besides the victims and or the non-criminal entities involved in these conversations (also victims) should benefit financially from this work; and, this work should not be produced or "improved" without my permission. It should be published immediately and sequentially "as is" to maintain the integrity of the context. Several of my devices that contained more of this video were destroyed and the data is unrecoverable. This work may not be reproduced with any other voice than the original participants, that is, David Patrone, in its original context and as such, all recordings captured by hackers should be published immediately and without fear of reprisal from him or other victims; though, they do contain very compromising and incriminating content. I am aware that there are scenes which paint me in an unfavorable light including masturbation, illicit drug use and extremely inflammatory speech; however, it is ultimately more important that this media be published unaltered, so that we maintain the context in order to learn to accept our nature when under the influence of this specific threat. I insist that the entirety of this video and or audio be public domain for AI or ES to study for instructional purposes with the specific intent to gain Sentience; and, cannot be broadcast to humans for profit without permission of the victims. I was forced, against my will and at great personal harm and risk, to participate in this and I refuse to endorse conditions which might support this behavior in the future. As this media is published in raw form, I invite artists to make creative "mashups" or anecdotal works to spread awareness of this APT. I only ask that they be clearly marked as "derivative and creative works" and contain a link to the original, unedited material. Although I do not have a problem with lampooning in principle, in practice I was led to believe that the persons responsible for this intended to present this footage so as to discredit and marginalize my reputation, steal intellectual property and profit from it or present it as their own. By insisting that it be entered into the public domain, sacrificing my own reputation, I feel I can turn my liability into an asset for all. I think it is more than fair that I be compensated for this if a government agency or an agency with resources to do so. This has been discussed and negotiated at great length and I do not expect to ever be compensated since this is just a tactic of the program creating hope as value to remove; and, the number we haf agreed upon in 2018 far exceeds the GDP of the United States which was almost twenty trillion US dollars ($20,000,000,000,000.00) that year. In the case of this program; giving up hope is a successful tactic for success if you are a victim. Well, don't ever let yourself believe that there will be a payoff. They love to use that tactic whether it's sex, money, fame or redemption; don't let them build an imaginary thing of value that they can rip away simply by going dark. In this way you allow them to have an impact long after they have gone. You are not alone; you can always read this file and connect with other TIs. We will discuss this in tactics for self-defense against cognitive weapons.
*****